(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(ominous music)
[Kari] Hang in there!
(Tai grunts)
(wind blows)
So cold.
Agumon. Are you okay?
[Agumon] I'm all right.
Don't worry about me.
I can still fight.
[Tai] Yeah?
Glad to hear it, buddy.
Let's show 'em who's boss!
Agumon Digivolve too...
(roars)
(dramatic music)
Took you long enough.
Good luck, big bro.
[Narrator] Millenniummon
was darkness reborn.
The gargantuan beast
had swallowed the
Digi-Destined whole.
It seemed the world
would fall into despair.
However, in spite of everything,
the battle wasn't over yet.
(growls)
[Lopmon] Millenniummon's
very existence
is a corruption of
the Digital World.
If we don't stop him,
this world will fade away.
Taking every one of us with it.
[Leomon] And our friends?
The Digi-Destined have to be
somewhere out there, right?
I don't know.
Where are you,
Celestial Digimon?
I fear for the battle
ahead. You must wake up!
(grunts)
[TK] Wake up guys.
We're still alive!
TK?
My arms are heavy. The
heck is this place?
[Gatomon] We're
all in danger here.
Millenniummon must be
holding us in a prison
made of compressed
time and space.
And if we don't find a way out,
we'll continue to
sink deeper and deeper
into the infinite darkness
for all of eternity.
I feel like that's something
we should try to avoid.
For sure, but that's no
reason to give up just yet!
We all saw that light,
right? We've got this!
Of course! Who else could it be?
WarGreymon.
As long as Tai's kicking
we still have a chance!
-(energy crackles)
-(Kari screams)
(all scream)
(ominous music)
That's him? He's even
bigger than I imagined!
Total world-ender.
(gasps)
[WarGreymon] Tai, look!
[Tai] Right. Everyone's
stuck inside that weird orb!
We've gotta stop Millenniummon
before he crushes them!
[WarGreymon] Let's
not keep them waiting!
Try to hold on, everybody.
I'm not leaving you behind!
(energy whirs)
(gasps)
(WarGreymon grunts)
(loud explosions)
(dramatic music)
(Digimon cry out)
(gasps)
(Millenniummon growls)
This is beyond bad news!
If we don't do something
quick, we're done.
It'll be the end of
the Digital World!
(orb cracks)
(grunts)
The pressure!
It's like I'm being
crushed to bits!
(all scream)
The data in this
dimension's getting denser
with every passing second!
So heavy!
(grunts)
It's too much!
We have to keep believing
in Tai! C'mon, Gabumon!
Yeah!
(roars)
MetalGarurumon!
(Matt cries out)
Metal Wolf Claw!
[Mimi] Did we break
through something just now?
[Izzy] The rate of
compression slowed down?
Eureka!
The more data one produces, the
longer it takes to compress!
That makes sense!
We can buy some time!
Let's snatch up
as much as we can!
(Digivices whir)
As long as Tai's
giving it his best.
Then we better give it
everything we've got!
Everyone's putting
themselves on the line.
If they're stepping
up then I will too!
(grunts)
Hey, where're you going?
Patamon?
[Gatomon] We won't back down!
[Patomon] Because we are...
[Both] The Celestial Digimon!
(both gasp)
Leading the charge headfirst!
Fending off darkness and
leaving no one behind!
Together we'll fight back
against evil till the very end!
(Digivices whir)
(tense action music)
(ground rumbles)
(Tai cries out)
Just a bit further!
(gasps)
(Tai screams)
Dang it! This guy moves so fast!
Watch out!
(energy whirs)
(grunts)
(growls)
(all grunt)
Not looking good. Come on, Tai!
[Both] Keep going!
[Both] Please, Tai!
It's up to you!
Hang in there!
(growls triumphantly)
[Matt] Don't stop
fighting, no matter what!
We believe in you!
[Both] Keep going!
[Both] Please, Tai!
[TK] It's up to you!
[Kari] Hang in there!
[Digi-Destined] Never give up!
(upscale action music)
What is this? The hope
of the Digi-Destined?
It's manifested into something
brilliant and amazing!
Such power!
(singing in Japanese)
Brave Shield!
Great Tornado!
(both cry out)
MagnaAngemon digivolve to...
Angewomon digivolve to...
Goldramon!
Magnadramon!
It's The Light of
Hope! Incredible!
Prodigious! The Celestial
Digimon's true strength!
[Sora] With power like that,
they could save
the entire world!
(dramatic music)
(grunts)
[Sora] Tai!
You all right?
Hey, friends! Glad to see
you. Where the heck are we?
We're in a protective field
that Magnadramon and Kari made!
Go Kari.
-[Matt] Tai?
-Right here!
Oh, thank goodness!
You had us all
worried for a sec!
[Matt] Gatomon and
Patomon digivolved.
Goldramon! MagnaAngemon!
This is who they are.
The Celestial Digimon!
Behold.
All of your convictions took
shape into a beacon of hope.
The light changed us
into miraculous new forms
none had ever seen.
(growls)
We got this! There's
no turning back!
It's our turn now!
(dramatic music)
(grunts)
(roars)
(growls)
(both growl)
(MagnaAngemon grunts)
(roars)
(upscale action music)
(growls)
So it's finally begun.
The celestial battle for the
fate of our Digital World
is truly under way.
(both pant)
(gasps)
(energy whirs)
(growls)
Goldramon, now!
Go, Magnadramon!
(upscale action music)
Fatal Flame!
Fire Tornado!
(growls)
(lightning crackles)
Such a fierce show of strength!
(grunts)
(energy whirs)
(growls)
Is he melting?
That's what happens when
they're hit by that much heat!
(all grunt)
(roars)
Now, Goldramon! It's
our final strike!
Gold Fist!
Do it, Magnadramon!
Don't hold anything back!
May the celestial light banish
you away, Millenniummon!
Dragon Fire!
(growls)
(both pant)
(all gasp)
(Millenniummon growls)
(Tai gasps)
(ominous music)
(giant Digimon roars)
What in the...?
What are they?
[Izzy] I can't find an entry!
(energy crackles)
So here we are. And
thus, the end has begun.
(energy crackles)
(gasps)
What do we do now?
(thunder claps)
(ethereal hum)
[Mimi] Look! There are
tiny sparkles everywhere!
(ethereal hum)
This feeling!
What is this?
[Xiaomon] An old friend!
It's the same light
we saw before.
The Light of Hope, remember?
[Lopmon] It's alive.
The very earth of our
own world. It calls out.
Could it be?
Is it saying it wishes to fight
alongside the Digi-Destined?
(energy whirs)
Now's our chance!
(singing in Japanese)
Let's go, WarGreymon!
Yeah! I'm with you, Tai!
Terra Force!
We need more energy!
(ethereal hum)
Well, there you go!
[Leomon] The spirit
to persevere.
The courage to keep believing.
That will is the
essence of hope!
It'll ignite their
full strength!
So let's pass it on!
Carry forth the Light of Hope.
Send it to the Digi-Destined!
I can feel it surging and
shimmering. It's unreal!
Here we go!
[Both] Terra Force!
(both roar)
(energy crackles)
(grunts)
Hark!
The reckoning of our long
ancient battle has come at last!
Yes. We shall entrust you
with our powers as well!
This light is the fire
we lit in the hearts
of all the companions we've
befriended on our journey.
It is the Light of Hope that
you gave to the Digimon.
Everyone's here. The
whole Digital World!
(energy whirs)
It's over, Millenniummon.
You're not coming back.
Not as long as
we're still around!
(both roar)
(upbeat music)
[Kari] Hey, big bro!
Hey, sis! Hey, guys!
Oh, Tai! (sobs) I'm
really glad you're okay!
You, too, Kari!
Thanks for everything.
Same to you guys. You cheering
me on is what kept me going.
(all laugh)
Huh?
(both laugh)
(Agumon yawns)
Agumon!
(laughs bashfully)
(grunts proudly)
(all laugh)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Goldramon.
This gilded dragon
digivolves from MagnaAngemon.
The Fatal Flame special move
instantly wipes out
enemies in every direction!
Let's check out some more facts!
Is that a beard
growing from his chin?
It looks classy and
cool at the same time!
I wonder if he needs a special
razor to groom that thing.
I'd like to know more
about its morning routine!
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] The Great
Catastrophe draws near.
New mysteries come to light
as the Digi-Destined prepare
for their next battle.
[Tai] Next time "The Mystery
Hidden Within the Crests."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.